Feature/36 community event (#73)
ceph/ceph.io: src/en-GB/community/events/README.md

# Events

## Frontmatter

```yaml
---
title: Event title
date: yyyy-mm-dd
end: yyyy-mm-dd
location: Event location
venue: Event venue
map: "https://www.google.com/maps"
register: "https://www.eventbrite.com/"
image: "/assets/image.jpg"
links:
  videos: "https://www.youtube.com/"
  slides: "https://ceph.io/event.pdf"
sponsors:
  - label: Platinum sponsors
    list:
      - name: SoftIron
        logo: "/assets/image.png"
        website: "https://softiron.com"
      - name: RedHat
        logo: "/assets/image.png"
        website: "https://redhat.com"
  - label: Gold sponsors
    list:
      - name: SUSE
        logo: "/assets/image.png"
        website: "https://suse.com"
tags:
  - taxonomy
  - taxonomy
---

```

- `title` (String) — Determines the link text as it appears in the event navigation card. Also used as the `<title>` for the page.\*
- `date` (Date) — Determines the start date of the event.
- `end` (Date) — Determines the end date of the event.
- `location` (String) — Determines the location of the event, city and country.
- `venue` (String) — Determines the venue of the event, building name and street.

> - `map` (String) — Determines the map of the event with a google maps link.\*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `map` (String) — Google Maps URL for the event venue location\*
```

Just a convention thing, but wonder if these could be more declaritive/explicit. Might save on repeating "Determines"

Side note: Do you think we could derive the Google Maps link from the Venue + Location information? I.e. `https://www.google.com/maps/search/ibis+Styles+Wroclaw+Centrum` ([Docs](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/urls/get-started#search-action) re: escaping characters, etc.)

Author: I've revised the `determines` language across all the current READMEs.

I like the idea of inferring the maps link from the venue and location. 

@adamduncan I've implemented it like this, what do you think?

{% set map = venue + '-' + location %}

`https://www.google.com/maps/search/?api=1&query={{ map | slug }}`

> - `register` (String) — Determines the website to register for the event. This is hidden once the end date of the event has pasted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `register` (String) — Determines the website to register for the event. This is hidden once the end date of the event has passed.
```

Author: Good spot. I've updated 🙂

- `image` (String) — Determines the asset path for the image shown in the event navigation card and the hero image beneath the title on the event page.
- `links` (List) - These only appear when the end date of the event has pasted.
  - `videos` (String) — Determines the website showing videos of the event with a youtube/vimeo link.
  - `slides` (String) — Determines the website or PDF showing slides of the event.
- `sponsors` (Array)
  - `label` (String) — Determines the type of sponsors for the event.

>     `list`
>     - `name` (String) — Determines the name of the sponsor.
>       `logo` (String) — Determines the asset path for the sponsor logo.
>       `website` (String) — Determines the URL of the sponsor website which is applied to the sponsor logo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `list`
        - `name` (String) — Determines the name of the sponsor.
        - `logo` (String) — Determines the asset path for the sponsor logo.
        - `website` (String) — Determines the URL of the sponsor website which is applied to the sponsor logo.
```

Might just need to tweak the indentent list levels here to ensure the hierarchy is correct.

Author: Looks like you maybe seeing different indentation to me. When I look at the README it appears the same as your revised indentation.

```
sponsors:
  - label: Platinum sponsors
    list:
      - name: SoftIron
        logo: "/assets/image.png"
        website: "https://softiron.com"
      - name: RedHat
        logo: "/assets/image.png"
        website: "https://redhat.com"
  - label: Gold sponsors
    list:
      - name: SUSE
        logo: "/assets/image.png"
        website: "https://suse.com"
```
